hi everyone welcome to video 5 of solo
finger style reggae guitar if you have
not watched the first four videos please
go do so you'll be lost without them in
video 5 here the last one we're going to
be adding occasionally a little pull-off
kind of lick to give the accompaniment
some flavor then I'm going to play
everything together that we've learned
so far in one tune and you can see how
it looks all put together so let's check
out what's going on in video 5 so let's
add a couple of little pull-off licks in
here the first one is going to be a
minor once again check out our first
video to get this basically and we're
going to be playing the ring finger 7th
fret on the D string pulling off to this
finger here which is a bar then down to
the 7th fret a string with a ring finger
as well mmm and then the D string again
our second one is going to be similar
playing the seventh fret of the with the
ring finger on the a string pulling off
to the bar then down to our C here on
the 8th fret of the low E string and
then back to our bar on the a string ok
so let's see how these go into the
pattern I'll try to play slowly
so now that we've learned how to do our
pull offs let's see how they work in our
three chord groove if you refer to video
one you'll find that those chords are a
minor seven D minor seven and E minor
seven I'll play it slowly and then a
little faster if I can manage it there
may be some improvisation in here since
I don't play the same way every time
let's see how it goes something like
that you can make up your own version so
I hope you enjoyed this video please
subscribe if you want to see more videos
from my channel and I'll see you next
time
Thanks
you